    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML gives meaning to web page elements as opposed to just presentation. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to markup a web page, giving the page all of the elements it needs before styling. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 An attribute gives an element a function. href, for example, makes a link. It works best in a navigation bar or to show a source. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
an h1 tag is used to define the title of the page. Giving that statement a large and bolded text. It should only be used once on a web page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Radio and Checkbox

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
metadata

    7. What is an id?
 Gives the element a unique id to call back to quicker.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
  An ID can be placed virtually in any element. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
You can only use the same id once within an HTML document. 

    10. What is a class? 
class is an attribute that gives an element a class name. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
 You can put a class on any element. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you need to within the document. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add target="_blank" to your anchor tag

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
displays alternative text when the element can not be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
.id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
<section> groups content together where as <div> works like a container for other elements. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
adding style to an HTML document

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an ID can to identify an element and a class can be used to identify several. you could use id to identify a specific item and class to define something like a section.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
#class {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
#human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
an element within an element. Could be useful while making a nav bar. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
#sidebar links {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selector that adds a special function to the selected elements.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height: ;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/ Comment /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
 displayed at top of window

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -r file-name
There is no warning when file is removed and it is not moved to the recycle bin or trash

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Because it can help to find bugs in a system or to retrieve something that may have been removed in a newer version. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
When ever you finish a step/

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin name-of-file

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline elements do not force a new line in the document
block elements divide that section of the document. Causing a line break.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
The element is positioned with its parent element. Moving the elements around it. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 


    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

https://codepen.io/spazdrum/pen/NWPBwrB?editors=1000